FOCUS #317: BillingAccountType and SubAccountType (#287)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/subaccounttype.md

# Sub Account Type

> Sub Account Type is the label the provider uses to describe the kind of [*sub account*](#glossary:sub-account). Sub Account Type is a readable display name and not a code. Sub Account Type is commonly used for scenarios like mapping FOCUS constructs to provider constructs and summarizing costs across providers.

Author: ```suggestion
Sub Account Type is a provider-assigned name to identify the type of [*sub account*](#glossary:sub-account). Sub Account Type is a readable display name and not a code. Sub Account Type is commonly used for scenarios like mapping FOCUS constructs to provider constructs and summarizing costs across providers.
```

> The SubAccountType column MUST be present in the billing data. This column MUST be of type String, MUST be null when [SubAccountId](#subaccountid) is null, and MUST NOT be null when SubAccountId is not null. SubAccountType MUST be a consistent, readable display value within the billing data.

Author: ```suggestion
The SubAccountType column adheres to the following requirements:

* SubAccountType MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports more than one possible SubAccountType value.
* SubAccountType  MUST be of type String.
* SubAccountType MUST be null when SubAccountId is null.
* SubAccountType MUST NOT be null when SubAccountId not is null.
* SubAccountType MUST be a consistent, readable display value.
```

## Column ID

SubAccountType

## Display Name

Sub Account Type

## Description

> Label the provider uses to describe the kind of sub account.

Author: ```suggestion
A provider-assigned identifier for the type of *sub account* applied to the *row*.
```

## Content Constraints

| Constraint      | Value            |
| :-------------- | :--------------- |
| Column type     | Dimension        |

> | Column required | True             |

Author: ```suggestion
| Feature level   | Conditional      |
| Column required | True             |
```

| Allows nulls    | True             |
| Data type       | String           |
| Value format    | \<not specified> |

## Introduced (version)

> 1.0

Author: ```suggestion
1.2
```

# Sub Account Type

> Sub Account Type is a provider-assigned name to identify the type of [*sub account*](#glossary:sub-account). Sub Account Type is a readable display name and not a code. Sub Account Type is commonly used for scenarios like mapping FOCUS constructs to provider constructs and summarizing costs across providers.

Reviewer: Nit: Consider mentioning (poor man's 😄) cost allocation

Author: ```suggestion
Sub Account Type is a provider-assigned name to identify the type of [*sub account*](#glossary:sub-account). Sub Account Type is a readable display name and not a code. Sub Account Type is commonly used for scenarios like mapping FOCUS and provider constructs, summarizing costs across providers, or invoicing and chargeback.
```
